aston.txt has 253 objects
cat.txt has 764 objects
dog.txt has 850 objects
elephant.txt has 1376 objects
f1.txt has 487 objects
ferrari.txt has 261 objects
lambo.txt has 229 objects
aston.txt has 253 objects
cat.txt has 764 objects
dog.txt has 850 objects
elephant.txt has 1376 objects
f1.txt has 487 objects
ferrari.txt has 261 objects
lambo.txt has 229 objects
leeuw.txt has 1810 objects
mondriaan_1.txt has 28 objects
mondriaan_2.txt has 428 objects
mondriaan_3.txt has 399 objects
mondriaan_4.txt has 1293 objects
mondriaan_5.txt has 914 objects
pauw.txt has 3428 objects
pug.txt has 1476 objects
